README.md, before:

# FitTrack-SA-Ultra-2.0

FitTrack SA is a minimalist Android app written in Kotlin/Jetpack Compose that keeps activity and nutrition logs with an offline-first Room database and a dark-mode friendly black/lime palette.

### Real-time notifications
- The app now provisions a `FitTrack Live Alerts` notification channel and honors the in-app notification toggle.
- Successful logins, offline activity or meal saves, and sign-outs immediately trigger notifications so users receive live feedback even when outside the app.

## Prerequisites
- Android Studio Jellyfish (2023.3.1) or newer with Android Gradle Plugin 8.4+ support
- JetBrains Runtime 21.0.6 (or any JDK 21) configured as the Gradle JDK; Gradle can auto-provision if unavailable
- Android SDK Platform 34 and Google Maven repository enabled

## Building the app

```bash
./gradlew assembleDebug
```

> **Note:** The repository ships a lightweight wrapper script. If the embedded Gradle wrapper binaries are not present on your system, install Gradle locally or regenerate the wrapper via `gradle wrapper` before running the command.

Open the project in Android Studio to install the `app` module on a device or emulator.

Commit message:

Connect Room sync queue to Firebase

README.md, after:

# FitTrack-SA-Ultra-2.0

FitTrack SA is a minimalist Android app written in Kotlin/Jetpack Compose that keeps activity and nutrition logs with an offline-first Room database and a dark-mode friendly black/lime palette.

### Real-time notifications
- The app now provisions a `FitTrack Live Alerts` notification channel and honors the in-app notification toggle.
- Successful logins, offline activity or meal saves, and sign-outs immediately trigger notifications so users receive live feedback even when outside the app.

## Prerequisites
- Android Studio Jellyfish (2023.3.1) or newer with Android Gradle Plugin 8.4+ support
- JetBrains Runtime 21.0.6 (or any JDK 21) configured as the Gradle JDK; Gradle can auto-provision if unavailable
- Android SDK Platform 34 and Google Maven repository enabled
- Firebase project (the repo ships placeholder `google-services.json`; replace the API key/app id with values from your console)

### Firebase Cloud Sync
- The app boots Firebase automatically and mirrors every activity/meal log to
  `users/{email}/{activities|meals}` in Cloud Firestore.
- Update `app/google-services.json` with the `google-services.json` download from your Firebase project so analytics + Firestore can authenticate against your credentials.
- If you prefer a different user identifier, adjust `FirebaseSyncDataSource.resolveUserId()` to match your auth scheme.

## Building the app

```bash
./gradlew assembleDebug
```

> **Note:** The repository ships a lightweight wrapper script. If the embedded Gradle wrapper binaries are not present on your system, install Gradle locally or regenerate the wrapper via `gradle wrapper` before running the command.

Open the project in Android Studio to install the `app` module on a device or emulator.
